Add wording about interaction with fullscreen (#2)
WICG/screen-brightness: explainer.md

To avoid possible user fingerprinting issues, a website is not able to detect when screen brightness is increased.

> Futher, exiting full screen, or no the "fullscreen" display mode no longer applying, returns the screen brightness to its default state. 

Reviewer: " or no "
Is that a typo?

Author: ```suggestion
Further, exiting full screen, or the "fullscreen" display mode is no longer applying, returns the screen brightness to its default state. 
```
